{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93A hard-hitting emotional portrayal of teenage angst and fragile burgeoning masculinity.\'94\
Toronto International Film Festival\
https://www.tiff.net/tiff/consequences/\
\
\'93Driven by a commanding performance from rising star Matej Zemlji\uc0\u269 , who imbues the conflicted Andrej with a palpable sense of silent longing.\'94\
BFI London Film Festival\
https://whatson.bfi.org.uk/lff/Online/default.asp?BOparam::WScontent::loadArticle::permalink=consequences&BOparam::WScontent::loadArticle::context_id=\
\
\'93If someone snuffs out a weakness, that could be the end of you. Consequences asks how, in world where this seems to be the only rule, there can be any room for love.\'94\
The Hollywood Reporter\
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/review/consequences-posiedice-review-1147716\
\
\'93The body-beautiful protagonists do have a certain animal charisma, and while loosely plotted, their doings are tightly paced and credibly ever on the edge of violence.\'94\
Variety\
https://variety.com/2018/film/reviews/consequences-review-1202941923/\
\
\'93The body-beautiful protagonists do have a certain animal charisma, and while loosely plotted, their doings are tightly paced and credibly ever on the edge of violence.\'94\
Gay Essential\
https://gay-themed-films.com/review-consequences/\
\
\'93Stante hits us with a combination of fists as he destroys the happiness he systematically created for Andrej in a swiftly brutal five-minute assault possessing as much emotional resonance as violent carnage.\'94\
The Film Stage\
https://thefilmstage.com/reviews/tiff-review-consequences-is-an-expertly-constructed-slovenian-drama-with-a-devastating-finale/\
\
\'93From the writing, direction, acting, and production design, I\'92m thunderstruck by the simultaneous simplicity and complexity of Consequences and its layers.\'94\
Black Girl Nerds\
https://blackgirlnerds.com/bgn-tiff-2018-review-consequences\
\
\'93There\'92s no flash or pizzazz here, just a moving story of lost youth trying to find a place to call its own and how wrong that can go.\'94\
The Weekly Spoon\
https://theweeklyspoon.com/movies/consequences-review-tiff-18}